Your task is to design and write an application for managing online ad listings. Multiple types
of listings are possible on the site. Currently, the site supports (i) general listings, (ii) listings
for cars, and (iii) listings for books. These different types of listings have different attributes,
as can be seen in the class diagram in Figure 2 below. Note that Figure 2’s purpose is to
illustrate the attributes of different listing types only, and you should adapt it for your own
solution (e.g., including method details and any abstractions and relationships required for
good software development practice). Note that a Seller is represented by a name and
contact details (both Strings). Many of the attributes are treated as Strings for simplicity but
in reality some of them would be better represented differently, but you can work with Strings
for your solution.
Your application does not need to include a Graphical User Interface. It should maintain all
of the listings that are currently live, support the addition of new listings to the site, as well as
support their removal. You can use a console-based menu interface for this. An example of
the menu is given below in Figure 1.
Your application should also include operations for the following:
1. Calculating the cost of all listings that are currently live on the site.
2. Printing out the details (to the console) of all the listings that are currently live on the
site. The output should be different for different listing types.
3. Counting the number of live listings for reach category of listing (i.e., general, car,
book).
You should apply the Visitor design pattern to implement these operations. For 2, you
shouldn’t use a toString method in the listing classes for the printing. The visitor class for
printing should use appropriate accessor methods in the listing classes to access listing
attributes and print them to the console.
Welcome to Ads Online. Please select an option from the list below to
continue or type -1 to exit:
1. Add a new listing
2. Remove a listing
3. Display all listings
4. Get cost of all live listings
5. Count listings by category
3
Title: Banger for sale
Description: Ideal for handbrake turns in fields.
Make: Ford
Model: Fiesta
Engine size: 1.2L
Seller: Jim Murphy (jm@mmail.ie)
Price: 100.0
Title: Free yoga classes
Description: Yoga classes. Ideal for beginners.
Seller: Lisa Freeman (0101012)
Price: 0.0
Title: Second hand book
Description: A classic!
Author Harper Lee
ISBN 978-0446310789
Seller: Used Books co. (ubooksco@gmail.com)
Price: 0.5